{\rtf1\ansi\deff0 {\fonttbl {\f0 Times New Roman;}}
\f0\fs24

{\b\fs28 PRIVACY POLICY - Car Culture CarMania NFT and Collectibles}\par
\par

{\b 1. INFORMATION WE COLLECT}\par
We collect information you provide directly to us, such as when you:\par
\bullet Create an account or profile\par
\bullet Make purchases or transactions\par
\bullet Contact us for support\par
\bullet Participate in our services\par
\par

{\b 2. TYPES OF INFORMATION}\par
\par
{\b Personal Information:}\par
\bullet Email address and contact information\par
\bullet Wallet addresses and transaction data\par
\bullet Payment information (processed securely by third parties)\par
\par
{\b Usage Information:}\par
\bullet Device information and IP address\par
\bullet Browser type and version\par
\bullet Pages visited and time spent on our service\par
\par

{\b 3. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION}\par
We use the information we collect to:\par
\bullet Provide, maintain, and improve our services\par
\bullet Process transactions and send related information\par
\bullet Send technical notices and support messages\par
\bullet Respond to your comments and questions\par
\bullet Monitor and analyze usage patterns\par
\par

{\b 4. INFORMATION SHARING}\par
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer your personal information to third parties except:\par
\bullet With payment processors (MoonPay, CDP OnRamp) for transaction processing\par
\bullet When required by law or to protect our rights\par
\bullet With your explicit consent\par
\par

{\b 5. BLOCKCHAIN AND PUBLIC INFORMATION}\par
Please note that blockchain transactions are public and permanent. Wallet addresses and transaction data may be visible on the blockchain.\par
\par

{\b 6. DATA SECURITY}\par
We implement appropriate security measures to protect your personal information against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction.\par
\par

{\b 7. THIRD-PARTY SERVICES}\par
Our service integrates with third-party payment providers:\par
\bullet MoonPay: For credit card payments - see their privacy policy\par
\bullet CDP OnRamp: For debit cards and ACH transfers - see Coinbase's privacy policy\par
\bullet Base Network: For blockchain transactions\par
\par

{\b 8. COOKIES AND TRACKING}\par
We use cookies and similar technologies to enhance your experience and analyze usage patterns. You can control cookie settings through your browser.\par
\par

{\b 9. YOUR RIGHTS}\par
You have the right to:\par
\bullet Access your personal information\par
\bullet Correct inaccurate information\par
\bullet Request deletion of your information\par
\bullet Opt-out of certain communications\par
\par

{\b 10. CHILDREN'S PRIVACY}\par
Our service is not intended for children under 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13.\par
\par

{\b 11. CHANGES TO THIS POLICY}\par
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new policy on this page.\par
\par

{\b 12. CONTACT US}\par
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:\par
Email: privacy@carculture.com\par
Address: [Your Business Address]\par
\par

{\i Last updated: September 10, 2025}\par
}
