{\rtf1\ansi\deff0 {\fonttbl {\f0 Times New Roman;}}
\f0\fs24

{\b\fs28 TERMS OF SERVICE - Car Culture CarMania NFT and Collectibles}\par
\par

{\b 1. ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS}\par
By accessing and using Car Culture CarMania NFT and Collectibles platform ("Service"), you accept and agree to be bound by the terms and provision of this agreement.\par
\par

{\b 2. DESCRIPTION OF SERVICE}\par
Car Culture CarMania is a comprehensive platform offering newsletters, NFTs, collectibles, and AI services on blockchain. Users can subscribe to newsletters, purchase, trade, and interact with unique digital collectibles and AI-powered experiences.\par
\par

{\b 3. NFT PURCHASES}\par
All NFT purchases are final and non-refundable. NFTs are digital assets that exist on the blockchain and are subject to blockchain network conditions.\par
\par

{\b 4. PAYMENT METHODS}\par
We accept various payment methods including:\par
\bullet Cryptocurrency payments (ETH, USDC)\par
\bullet Credit cards via MoonPay\par
\bullet Debit cards via CDP OnRamp\par
\bullet ACH transfers via CDP OnRamp\par
\bullet Apple Pay and Google Pay via CDP OnRamp\par
\par

{\b 5. USER RESPONSIBILITIES}\par
Users are responsible for:\par
\bullet Maintaining the security of their wallet\par
\bullet Complying with applicable laws and regulations\par
\bullet Not engaging in fraudulent or illegal activities\par
\par

{\b 6. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY}\par
All content, trademarks, and intellectual property on this platform are owned by Car Culture or its licensors.\par
\par

{\b 7. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY}\par
Car Culture CarMania shall not be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential, or punitive damages resulting from your use of the service.\par
\par

{\b 8. CHANGES TO TERMS}\par
We reserve the right to modify these terms at any time. Continued use of the service constitutes acceptance of modified terms.\par
\par

{\b 9. CONTACT INFORMATION}\par
For questions about these Terms of Service, please contact us at:\par
Email: legal@carculture.com\par
Address: [Your Business Address]\par
\par

{\i Last updated: September 10, 2025}\par
}
