{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Light;\f4\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f5\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Medium;
\f6\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f7\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-BoldItalic;\f8\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-LightItalic;
\f9\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red50\green50\blue50;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red230\green0\blue14;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c25490\c25490\c25490;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
\cssrgb\c93213\c13483\c4656;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs22 \cf2 NameThatCar - AI-Deep Learning Automotive Cultural History Preservation 
\f1\b0\fs18 20250321\

\f0\b\fs22 ELEVATOR PITCH\

\f2\fs20 The Customer:
\f3\b0  Organizations or individuals seeking information on automobiles from an organized, curated,\
and searchable platform.\
\'95 Advertisers: Automobile-related businesses or advertisements featuring cars require authenticated\
products.\
\'95 Automobile Manufacturers: Marketing objectives include brand building, loyalty promotion, and heritage\
preservation.\
\'95 Insurers: Verifying vehicle authenticity is crucial for asset and individual protection.\
\'95 Entertainment: Immersive experiences through augmented and virtual reality, as well as skill games.\
\'95 Law Enforcement: Assistance in identifying vehicles involved in investigations.\
\'95 Vehicle Designers: Access to historical automotive designers work and perspectives for new design\
development.\
\'95 Travel: Roadside support, fuel, lodging, food, interesting roads and points of interest.\
\'95 Classic Car Market, Auto Parts, and Collectors:** Buyers, sellers, and restorers require parts authenticity,\
provenance information, pricing, and historical context.\
\'95 Museums and Archives: Assistance with vehicle identification, provenance, and automotive history retrieval\
from their photo collections.\

\f2\b The Value Proposition:
\f3\b0  This innovation serves both societal and business objectives. Cultural knowledge\
about one of humanity's most significant inventions, the automobile, is fragmented and inaccessible. The\
proposed system enables users to identify automobiles while simultaneously building provenance and\
preserving knowledge about vehicles and our cultural heritage.\
Users can access curated information about automobiles and roadside heritage through a virtual library that\
integrates other datasets to form a central, integrated intelligence platform about automobiles and car\
culture.\
Transportation designers can easily access lessons learned from the past 140 years of automotive design.\

\f2\b Key Di\uc0\u64256 erentiator:
\f3\b0  The Automobilia dataset, curated over many decades, contains thousands of assets\
and verifies provenance through timely copyright registrations at the Library of Congress, ensuring the\
authenticity of automobiles and their cultural impact. The data set includes media assets capturing time,\
place, historical context, and significant background architecture.\

\f2\b Innovation:
\f3\b0  Deep Learning-based object computing semantic platform enables training of a neural network\
identifying automobiles from 1885 to the present. This innovation provides curated knowledge and answers\
\'93What is It?\'94 specifically in the automotive vertical market through expert identification and object computing.\
Instantly and accurately identify automobiles, accumulating social data around vehicles and establishing\
provenance for cars and their cultural impact, which society has lacked easy knowledge and authentication\
about.\

\f4\fs22 Page of\
1 15 Automobilia II, LLC
\f0\b NameThatCar - AI-Deep Learning Automotive Cultural History Preservation 
\f1\b0\fs18 20250321\

\f0\b\fs22 COMMERCIAL OPPORTUNITY\

\f2\fs20 The Commercial Opportunity\

\f3\b0 The NameThatCar market addresses two key needs: the audience seeking automotive information and\
knowledge, and the advertising industry seeking authenticated users for targeting purposes. With the $45B\
U.S. automotive advertising market poised to grow, NameThatCar can provide the solution.\

\f5\fs24 \cf3 2022 U.S. Automotive Advertising in Million US $\

\f0\b\fs20 \cf2 Market Sector 
\f4\b0 \cf4 Spending $B\

\fs18 \cf2 Volkswagen Auto Advertising 855\
Hyundai Auto Advertising 690\
Nissan Auto Advertising 1,090\
Honda Auto Advertising 1,530\
Fiat Chrysler Auto Advertising 2,260\
Toyota Auto Advertising 1,660\
Ford Auto Advertising 2509\
GM Auto Advertising 3,250\
Auto Advertising - TV 4,733\
Auto Advertising - Measured Media 16,861\
Auto Advertising - Rental & Leasing 504\
Auto Advertising - Dealers & Gas Stations 4,380\
Auto Advertising - Digital 4,812\

\f0\b\fs20 TOTAL 2022 Auto Advertising in US $ Million 
\f2\fs18 45,134\

\f1\b0\fs28 COMMERCIAL NEED - BRAND ADVERTISING\

\f3\fs20 The automotive advertising market opportunity is vast, but unauthenticated social media posts, EU law\
changes, and the replacement of \'93cookies\'94 in advertising systems make identifying potential targets\
challenging. Advertisers need a better way to target Brand Advertising. In 2019, total Auto Advertising\
spending reached $45,134 billion.\
The NameThatCar system will help the brand advertising segment. Users can self-identify their brand\
advertising interests using the app, allowing advertisers to target customers with relevant products and\
services.\

\f1\fs28 SOCIETAL NEEDS\

\f3\fs20 PRESERVATION OF KNOWLEDGE - In the 21st century, a user may encounter an automobile on the street\
and wonder what it is and how much it is worth. This information is currently unauthenticated, fragmented,\

\f4\fs22 Page of\
2 15 Automobilia II, LLC
\f0\b NameThatCar - AI-Deep Learning Automotive Cultural History Preservation 
\f1\b0\fs18 20250321\

\f3\fs20 dispersed, and not readily available in searchable form, etc. This innovation provides a system for the\
preservation and accessibility of collated/correlated/curated historical information\'97media and text\'97about\
and concerning automobiles, their use in our society, the environments in which they were used (racing and\
street), how they were used, jobs they created (in manufacture & maintenance, consumer uses, collectors,\
etc), technical/design features and special relationships with society, etc.\
As society digitizes, augmenting human intelligence with artificial intelligence can answer questions with\
curated knowledge\'97AI has always been about making things possible. 
\fs13\fsmilli6667 1\

\fs20 The essence of being human, is to\
ask questions 
\fs13\fsmilli6667 2\

\fs20 and the NameThatCar platform seeks to provide credible information about a technological\
evolution: the journey of the automobile, as well as the remaining surrounding artifacts of our automotive\
heritage populating culture today.\

\f1\fs28 PERSONALIZED ROADSIDE SERVICES\

\f3\fs20 With the growing availability of geo-location data, and the belief that curation of photos around architectural\
cultural heritage sites will multiply in this AI platform, there will be an opportunity to direct users attention to\
roadside services based upon the personalized User data. For instance, suppose you drive a sports car,\
known by information in your NameThatCar profile. Your next appointment may not be for another hour, your\
current navigation program estimates arrival in 15 minutes, but there is a great two-lane road you could drive\
that would be fun and put you at your destination on time.\

\f1\fs28 CULTURAL HERITAGE\

\f3\fs20 Families throughout the 20th and 21st century authenticate life in photographs, often taken on car vacations\
criss-crossing America. This data could be surfaced and used to virtually augment cultural heritage sites or\
Historic Places with photos and stories from by-gone eras including the automobiles that transported them.\
Recreating Route 66 tourism will be virtually possible, enabling a kind of time-travel.\

\f1\fs28 AUGMENTED REALITY\

\f3\fs20 Augmented reality (AR) is becoming more popular in cultural heritage tourism sites, making the tourist\
experience even better. By connecting the information in family photos to the history of those places, we\
could create a real AR system for America\'92s Historic Places. Our first customer might be an auto club like\
AAA. You could point your phone at a car or a historical site and watch as time unfolds, revealing changes to\
roadside America based on your location. Since people interact with cars so much, this AI-powered product\
will be unique and a global heritage portal.\

\f1\fs28 MARKET AND ADDRESSABLE MARKET\

\f3\fs20 The market is fragmented and incoherent, with information gathered by each segment without a relationship,\
making it difficult to search.\
We have a two-sided market: users seeking information and customers advertising. Each market segment\
has its needs and value proposition. 
\f2\b Users
\f3\b0  upload unidentified photos and review vehicle brand archives,\

\f4\fs22 Page of\
3 15 Automobilia II, LLC
\f0\b NameThatCar - AI-Deep Learning Automotive Cultural History Preservation 
\f1\b0\fs18 20250321\

\f3\fs20 indicating their interest in specific brands or segments for advertising. Reading Porsche archives targets\
Porsche advertising.\
While the overall market is fragmented, the 2022 automotive advertising segment alone exceeded $45 billion,\
excluding travel, food, and automotive repair. The automotive advertising sector is the second largest in the\
overall advertising marketplace. We\'92ll target this market first in commercializing NameThatCar.\
Our largest 
\f2\b customers
\f3\b0  are advertisers: new car buyers interested in automotive heritage, collectible car\
enthusiasts, automotive parts, insurance, travel, archives, libraries with unidentified assets, and consumers\
with unidentified photo albums of family vehicles. Government, security, law enforcement, and the\
entertainment industry also have commercial opportunities.\

\f6\fs26\fsmilli13333 The total addressable U.S. market for this application is the global automotive market.\

\f1\fs28 HOW HAS THE MARKET OPPORTUNITY BEEN VALIDATED?\

\f3\fs20 After speaking with insurance heads, auctioneers, parts manufacturers, handset manufacturers, advertisers,\
and OEMs, it\'92s clear that all auto advertisers need the ability to target their automotive advertising digital\
spend. Customers exist but need better service than search engines can provide due to a lack of experts\
and curated content around collective intelligence.\

\f2\b Identification:
\f3\b0  Other platforms that use collective intelligence are analogous to our project. Shazam\
Entertainment and Waze are the closest validations of NameThatCar\'92s market opportunity. Privately held\
Ancestry.com shares relevant features but has few financial reporting records.\
Shazam identifies recorded music clips with song title, lyrics, and performing musicians. Apple acquired\
Shazam for $400 million to boost iTunes music sales. Shazam\'92s revenues came from in-app advertising,\
referring buyers to purchases from 99-cent songs to ancillary products like alcohol and technology.\
NameThatCar\'92s first advertising model could be replicated from Shazam by referring buyers to cars sold at a\
higher price point.\

\f2\b Community Curation:
\f3\b0  Waze Ltd. developed a customer-based data aggregation service to help customers\
and government solve ground navigation problems. Acquired by Google for over $1 billion, Waze advertising\
increases vehicle business service and sales by delivering relevant contextual ads to drivers on highways.\

\f1\fs28 COMPETITION\

\f3\fs20 Google and other search engines can only infer car makes, models, and years from unauthenticated data,\
making it difficult for users to authenticate cars on the platform. Users looking to authenticate an automobile\
on Google can spend hours and still be uncertain of the exact make \'96 model \'96 year. Automobiles are a\
significant portion of the internet search engine market, and search engines lack a verifiable source of\
automotive lore and the authority to identify cars. NameThatCar aims to solve this problem by verifying the\
provenance of cars.\

\f4\fs22 Page of\
4 15 Automobilia II, LLC
\f0\b NameThatCar - AI-Deep Learning Automotive Cultural History Preservation 
\f1\b0\fs18 20250321\

\fs28 KEY RISKS\

\f3\fs20 Two major threats to market launch are developing a semantically-linked AI identification model (R&D) and\
building a strategic partner alliance for faster time-to-market. Talks are underway for a strategic alliance to\
build a complete industry solution. Plans include forming an expert community group after demonstrating an\
MVP. The application seeks to solve new computational challenges with authenticated and verifiable data in a\
phase 2 project as standards develop.\

\f1\fs28 COMMERCIALIZATION\

\f3\fs20 Identifying targeted customers is the market driver plaguing many industries in advertising. This platform will\
solve the missing link of brand-driven advertising targeting interested consumers. To become a 
\f2\b destination\
tool
\f3\b0 , it must address advertisers\'92 marketing problems and answer the question \'93What is this car?\'94 an AI tool\
for vehicle identification is needed.\
Revenue potential is difficult due to the limited number of AI products. NameThatCar offers a unique mix of\
display, visual, audio, and location-based technologies to discover cultural artifacts. Emotion and\
engagement are potent drivers of brand advertising, and these partners will be actively courted to scale and\
launch successfully.\

\f1\fs28 RESOURCES NEEDED TO IMPLEMENT COMMERCIALIZATION\
APPROACH\

\f3\fs20 Audience participation is crucial for implementing the platform\'92s commercialization. Car clubs and internet\
search engines are primary avenues to reach the audience.\
Strategic partnerships with complementary products are needed for mainstream customer growth and\
additional expertise after the MVP is built.\
Automotive brand partnerships are possible if phase 1 of the application development proves feasible. A\
demonstration of our capabilities can be leveraged to partner with brand advertisers.\

\f2\b The following commercial research is considered confidential and should not be disclosed:\

\f3\b0 Ironically, the search engines that have decimated intellectual property now provide a key to his new\
opportunity. Recent changes in EU law, the demise of cookies, the rise of object-oriented computing, and\
Digital Object Identifier (DOI) registries have brought about a seismic shift in the Advertising and Marketing\
marketplace.\
In response to EU legislation, Google Images announced in late 2018 that it would begin publishing certain\
embedded metadata fields, including Creator, Credit, and Copyright, when returning image search results. To\
comply with copyright recognition at scale, Google will read embedded Registry data, an identifier field\
containing DOIs. Since Automobilia is the copyright owner for the ML model and semantic dataset proposed\
in this initiative, whenever a published image is indexed by Google, it will link to the Automobilia registry and\
directly into this platform, accelerating growth and adoption.\

\f4\fs22 Page of\
5 15 Automobilia II, LLC
\f0\b NameThatCar - AI-Deep Learning Automotive Cultural History Preservation 
\f1\b0\fs18 20250321\

\fs28 PLAN AND TIMELINE\

\f3\fs20 Train a neural network with the Automobilia multi-class semantic dataset using supervised learning models,\
enthrall users, curate cultural heritage and embrace brand advertisers. One year.\

\f0\b\fs22 THE INNOVATION\

\f1\b0\fs28 The Innovation\

\f3\fs20 NameThatCar, an expert system, uses machine learning algorithms trained on a proprietary dataset of\
curated photos, videos, and data to identify automobiles from 1885 to the present day. Users can annotate\
cars by sharing their stories and comments.\
This invention is unique and magical. It\'92s like a time machine chassis capturing alchemical memories of\
shaped metal propelled through time and space by the thoughts of engineers. The neural network is trained\
on a trans-disciplinary dataset that represents abstract concepts like emotions, language, space, logic, art,\
and society using semantic keywords. For instance, \'93Art-Deco\'94 is a semantic artistic keyword found on many\
vehicles from the 1920s and 1930s due to their visual design language.\
Deep Learning is used to repeatedly train the neural network for each distinct feature hierarchy, resulting in\
object recognition enhanced by semantic intelligence and linking back to society.\
Here we have an opportunity to build a multi -faceted time capsule around one of the greatest achievements\
of mankind, the invention and development of the automobile. Additional databases, like engineering info,\
racing results, car shows, and valuations can be layered on this primary innovation. Users can browse\
Chevrolet Corvettes, read or listen to automobile entries, and experience the development of streamlining or\
the condensed automotive design language of a decade, like the Fifties.\
Shazam, Waze, and Ancestry.com combined. Hold up your mobile device to an interesting car to learn its\
story through interaction with NameThatCar. Did you know the straight-eight engine was invented a century\
ago? The platform will recognize and identify automobiles via voice, image, and text, and record users\'92\
personal stories about automobiles\'92 significance in American history. Families can upload family photos to\
learn about their ancestors\'92 automobiles. What was grandfather driving in this family album?\
Visit a Historic Place site and view hundreds of automobiles and families that visited the same site over\
decades. Layer family vacation photos with a geo-location to create a virtual timeless environment. The\
innovation can pave the way for an immersive AR environment where you, your ancestors, and their\
automobiles are at the same cultural heritage site, evoking a ghostly rapture within time and space. How\
many photographs with the family car were taken at Golden Gate Bridge over decades?\
The AI in this innovation solves a fundamental problem in advertising: authenticating users\'92 interest in\
automotive brands, models, or types. By uploading an unidentified Alfa Romeo, users self-identify their\
interest. Repeated interactions with sports cars teach the platform their interest in this vehicle type. This\
feedback loop benefits advertisers for better targeting and provides intelligence to manufacturers of future\
automobiles. Direct-to-consumer marketing will increase.\

\f4\fs22 Page of\
6 15 Automobilia II, LLC
\f0\b NameThatCar - AI-Deep Learning Automotive Cultural History Preservation 
\f1\b0\fs18 20250321\

\f3\fs20 The ancient Greek historian Herodotus (c. 484 - c. 425 BC) dedicated his life to preserving historic truth,\
preventing the erasure of human events by time. He remains the leading source of information on the Greco-\
Persian wars and much of western Asian and Egyptian history. During his struggle, he faced the dilemma of\
recounting history from second-hand truths, as reported by observers of actual events.\
In this application, we have first-hand history, authenticated through timely registrations at the Library of\
Congress Copyright Office, preserved in the ML training dataset, and a system for users to add second-hand\
annotations about their car culture relationships.\
Human-computer interaction will be encouraged because the application will ask users to provide feedback\
on the automobile in the identified returned photo, comment on their memories, submit family photos,\
record, preserve, and link automobile relationships to communities, architecture, engineering, history,\
government, and culture to disseminate car culture knowledge. If an unknown car or significant automotive\
cultural heritage artifact is found, the application will use crowd wisdom to identify and classify it. History will\
come alive.\
NLP enables the AI agent to develop chat interactions with users about automobiles and immersive\
environments in media, deepening human-computer interaction skills. This is an unusual and transformative\
development of artificial intelligence, an early stage application that can evolve into an AR application with\
sustained AI Chat capabilities in future iterations.\

\f1\fs28 TECHNICAL CHALLENGES\

\f3\fs20 The problem of fine-grained image classification is still far from solved despite the wide spread use of artificial\
intelligence platforms. We plan on levering deep learning techniques to link verified semantic data (make-\
mode-year) to visual tokens extracted through ML representing automotive training images. Running ML\
training with our trained visual tokens allows us to model relationships between background features found in\
images and drastically improves results and time. 
\fs13\fsmilli6667 3\

\fs20 Identifying Cars. While we might not initially have enough photos of a particular make-model-year of\
automobile, we can learn through this research how to map the semantic dataset to the functions and token\
extracted through building a neural network. This is one of the key challenges of the phase 1 application.\
The last challenge will be laying the groundwork for human-computer interaction capable of sustaining a chat\
about automobiles, anticipated in a phase 2 project. In many human lives of the twentieth and twenty-first\
century, automobiles are key family members and have played a part in ferrying families from birth to death,\
on wedding trips, to and from school, work, and on vacations. Talking about it is fun.\

\f1\fs28 RISKS\

\f3\fs20 The future of AI is fraught with uncertainty which the recent appearance of Deep Fakes and development of\
Adversarial Examples designed to fool classification systems has made apparent. 
\fs13\fsmilli6667 4\

\fs20 Key to offsetting these\
events is to authenticate Primary Sources of data. Stated another way, rely upon human intelligence residing\
in the underlying database and not upon hyper-parameters for determining provenance. Secondary sources\
of information should be weighted accordingly, but should be aggressively captured now as future data\
sources. Humans will verify the final neural model.\

\f4\fs22 Page of\
7 15 Automobilia II, LLC
\f0\b NameThatCar - AI-Deep Learning Automotive Cultural History Preservation 
\f1\b0\fs18 20250321\

\f3\fs20 This proposed ML matrix is built upon primary historical sources which must be securitized in the digital\
realm. Securitizing the data includes authenticating primary sources and upon rapidly unfolding\
developments in digital object computing and serverless technology. Supervised learning modules can be\
incredibly powerful for human augmentation, but staying ahead of the machine means developing in tandem\
with technology. There will be a creative leap by the time phase two is ready.\

\f1\fs28 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY\

\f3\fs20 All Media, Text and Database is confidential to Automobilia and registered at the Library of Congress\
Copyright Office. TXu002406113 / 2024-01-05\
PCT Patent Application- WO 2020/227651 A1\

\f0\b\fs22 THE COMPANY/TEAM\

\f3\b0\fs20 Automobilia II, LLC is an Intellectual Property holding company founded by Lucinda Lewis. Assets include\
over 500,000 media assets, library, letters, eight book manuscripts, data, property releases, car show\
programs, model releases, copyright registrations and a database centered on the evolution of the\
automobile from 1885 through the present day. This is a life\'92s work of Lucinda Lewis built over multiple\
decades. The MVP neural architecture will accommodate other car enthusiast\'92s authenticated work too.\
The idea for creating the research project with NameThatCar through Automobilia II originated over\
frustration with the difficulty in credibly authenticating significant vehicles both through the internet and often\
even with their owners. An opportunity arose with recent changes in the EU law that are creating a legal need\
for photo and video attribution and a requirement for copyright notice preservation on internet search\
engines. Previously, all embedded metadata was stripped from media assets upon upload to the internet.\
For this reason, Automobilia II\'92s assets have been largely unpublished for many decades.\
A team of highly-qualified technologists and Data Scientists, is being assembled in conjunction with our\
research partner, SupportVectors. Our research goals are driven by the need to:\
\'95 Instantly and properly identify automobiles by training artificial intelligence tools\
\'95 Preserve our cultural history and promote our Historic Places influenced by the automobile\'92s\
evolution through seeking strategic relationships with non-profits\
\'95 Establish automotive provenance based off first-hand historical records\
\'95 Celebrate and educate around the invention of the automobile, learn from its history and help\
shape mobility\'92s evolution\
\'95 Explore human-computer interactions\
\'95 An addressable automotive advertising market currently spending $ 38 trillion U.S. dollars\

\f4\fs22 Page of\
8 15 Automobilia II, LLC
\f0\b NameThatCar - AI-Deep Learning Automotive Cultural History Preservation 
\f1\b0\fs18 20250321\

\f3\fs20 \'95 Technologically sophisticated automotive start-up CEO with experience in all phases of\
development for marketplace services and relationships within the automotive world.\
\'95 Data Scientists at SupportVectors who wish to train on trans-disciplinary curated data\
Automobilia II is ideally positioned to build an automotive AI identification and authentication platform\
designed to inform and delight users about deeper contextual elements surrounding the role automobiles\
play in our lives.\

\f2\b LUCINDA LEWIS\
PRINCIPAL INVESTIGATOR AND SUBJECT MATTER EXPERT\
FOUNDER: AUTOMOBILIA II, LLC\

\f3\b0 The creation and cataloging of data surrounding the automobile is a life-long obsession for Lucinda Lewis,\
Principal Investigator. The founder of two companies, Lewis will devote her time and considerable subject\
matter expertise to the proposal. Lewis is a life-long automotive historian, photographer, filmmaker, author\
and technologist with experience on seminal World Wide Web (W3C) initiatives, including the Automotive and\
Web Platform Business Group, which created the backbone of the Autonomous Driving API that exists\
today. Additionally, her work on the Open Digital Rights Language (ODRL) strengthened her belief in semantic\
web technologies and their power to enhance human knowledge through digital distribution and rights\
expression into multiple languages.\
Raised as an aviator in the mountains of West Virginia, Lewis sees the digital landscape at a high altitude.\
The neural imprint gained from learning navigation skills as a child, shaped Automobilia II\'92s database\
development which easily maps to today\'92s artificial intelligence machine learning algorithms and\
opportunities. Upon graduation from university, Lewis\'92s family was dismayed when she turned down law\
school for her newly discovered love of photography. A promise to her father, an attorney, to register all her\
copyrights and a pact with her grandmother, a library lover, to catalog all her work kept the family peace and\
resulted in the Automobilia II database\'97an amalgamation of Lewis\'92s love of art, automobiles, history, media,\
libraries, technology, and strategy. In 2010, realizing there was a need to fix the media distribution supply\
chain, she returned to school to earn her MBA and became interested in fitting semantic technologies to her\
database.\

\f2\b ASIF QAMAR, PHD THEORETICAL PHYSICS\
MASTERS IN COMPUTER SCIENCE AND THEORETICAL PHYSICS\
CTO\
-\
AS SUBAWARDEE AT SUPPORT VECTORS, INC.\

\f3\b0 Asif Qamar\'92s career has spanned two parallel tracks: as a technical architect, and a passionate educator.\
While Asif primarily spends his time technically leading research and development efforts, he finds expression\
for his love of teaching in the workshops he offers at SupportVectors research lab. Through this, he aims to\
mentor and cultivate the next generation of great technical craftspeople.\
As an educator, Asif has taught various subjects in Programming, Machine-Learning and Physics for the last\
25 years.He has taught at the University of California, Berkeley extension, at the University of Illinois, Urbana-\
Champaign (UIUC), and Syracuse University. Besides this, he has given a large number of workshops,\
seminars and talks at technical workplaces. He has been honored with various excellence in teaching\
awards, in the universities and technical workplaces. Asif has published numerous research papers and has\
two patents.\

\f4\fs22 Page of\
9 15 Automobilia II, LLC
\f0\b NameThatCar - AI-Deep Learning Automotive Cultural History Preservation 
\f1\b0\fs18 20250321\

\f2\b\fs20 SupportVectors, Big Data\
-\

\f3\b0 in the field of Machine Learning and Big Data.\

\f2\b AI Research Lab
\f3\b0  is unique in the deep integration of research and education\

\f0\b\fs22 TECHNICAL DISCUSSION AND R&D PLAN\

\f1\b0\fs24 Cultural Heritage Images and Narratives in a hybridized neural training and\
inference\

\f3\fs20 A novel neural architecture pipeline is described here that creates a hybridization of the Visual Transformers\
for image-classification and segmentation with the NLP-based transformers for textual data. The central goal\
is the preservation and accumulation of a key area of historical and cultural interest; this poses a unique\
technical challenge since the domain of applicability refers to heritage cars over historical periods of time. As\
such, commonly available datasets are not applicable.\
Instead we have a unique repository of very high resolution professional photographs derived from decades\
of effort, along with historical narratives about them. The expected conversations and submitted images will\
grow around this repository in a unified manner. Therefore, one has to come up with a notion of vocabulary\
where we need an atomic-unit of representation learning that incorporates both elements of convolutional\
filters derived primitives and visual tokens from visual transformers, as well as NLP based linguistic tokens.\
We intend to create this unification by hybridizing attention-based transformer models in NLP with\
convolutional filters as well as the visual-transformers. 
\f7\i\b To our knowledge, this approach has never been\
tried before, perhaps because this particular problem is somewhat unique. Also, it needs rather\
painstaking annotation of rare visual artifacts with their histories, to generate the needed dataset.\

\f3\i0\b0 To illustrate a common task the AI pipeline needs to handle at inference time : 
\f2\b Jointly 
\f3\b0 identify all the cars and\
associated cultural heritage objects (including any historical places) from an image, as well as generate the\
most appropriate narrative. The converse of this too \'96 the identification of the\cf5  best cultural objects\cf2 , and\
automobiles that form the context of a broad descriptive narrative represents an innovative mapping from the\
natural-language processing domain of AI to multi-label image classification and segmentation. But, more\
interestingly, given only partial visual perspectives on a car where under certain aspects such as taillights are\
present, and textual narrative of its history, we need to be able to both identify and reconstruct the complete\
car image, and generate its historical annotation that incorporates the input textual narrative.\
Figure 1: A representative image with AI-driven annotation and augmentation with cultural history. Five\
separate cars have been individually identified and annotated. Also, the driven-in sign is identified.\
Importantly, the contextually relevant history from the corpus has been summarized with natural language\
processing.\
Until recently, deep-learning applied to image processing was dominated with convolutional neural-nets\
where earlier layers extracted basic geometric primitives and the later layers composed them into higher-\
order representations; the application of deep-learning to NLP, on the other hand, was dominated with\
attention-based transformer models sometimes hybridized with RNN/LSTM/GRU. Two recent breakthroughs,\
however, give us the starting point to develop our unified treatment that hybridizes text and images into a\
common AI architecture. First is the recent emergence of visual transformers 
\fs13\fsmilli6667 5 6\

\fs20 and their effective use which\

\f4\fs22 Page of\
10 15 Automobilia II, LLC
\f0\b NameThatCar - AI-Deep Learning Automotive Cultural History Preservation 
\f1\b0\fs18 20250321\

\f3\fs20 help create, in essence, words or visual tokens that start out by being pixel-regions, and later, higher-order\
extractions from them; for one thing, they address the spatial relationship aspects which CNN did not handle\
well. More specifically, emerging research shows that one can successfully use earlier layers of convolutional\
to extract higher-order representations, followed with visual transformers where the extracted \'93tokens\'94 learn\
spatial relationships and relevances through the self-attention mechanism.\

\f1\fs24 Neural Architecture\

\f3\fs20 In our neural architecture, we intend to pass the image-parts through the earlier convolutional layers to\
extract the visual tokens; and the textual parts through the encoder-layers of the transformer. Hybridizing the\
two with self-attention so that we get joint encoded representation of the complete visual and textual\
context, as well as inter-token attentions between visual and textual tokens. This we intend to feed into\
decoder attention layers trained to simultaneously identify the car or its attributes, and/or other historical\
objects, along with any relevant textual narrative associated with the extracted object in our database.\

\f4\fs22 Page of 11 15 Automobilia II, LLC
\f0\b NameThatCar - AI-Deep Learning Automotive Cultural History Preservation 
\f1\b0\fs18 20250321\

\f3\fs20 Since there are a large number of ways to construct this hybrid neural architecture, we intend to exploit\
automated-ML, neural architecture search to assist in the design of the optimal architecture.\
This could be a daunting computation for training the model; however, there has been a slew of recent\
breakthroughs bringing significant speedups of the transformer training. In particular, use of the Performers 
\fs13\fsmilli6667 7\

\fs20 remove the quadratic computational bottleneck.\
A collaborative user verification process will improve the accuracy of the image-augmentation by pointing out\
errors and corrections. In other words, should certain annotations turn out erroneous and the users mark it\
as such, that will feed into the next round of neural architecture training.\

\f1\fs28 Application Architecture\

\f3\fs20 While the core of the project will comprise an interesting neural architecture and data-training pipeline, the\
rest of the project will remain the contemporary cloud-based, microservices-driven architecture comprising of\
the expected:\

\f8\i AI Models 
\f3\i0 At the core of the project are the trained AI models that classify and identify photos. These will be\
kept and managed by the training and deployment pipeline.\

\f8\i Persistence 
\f3\i0 The storage or persistence layer, that will store the photos, the metadata as a multidimensional\
cube warehouse, the AI- models, the textual narratives, the search-indexes, as well as the application\
underlying transactional database.\

\f8\i Containerized Microservices 
\f3\i0 The runtime logic execution layer will comprise of a collection of docker-\

\fs13\fsmilli6667 8\

\fs20 container based microservices exposing REST APIs. These will be orchestrated through Kubernetes .\

\f8\i Web Presentation 
\f3\i0 React.js
\fs21\fsmilli10667  
\fs13\fsmilli6667 9\

\fs20 presentation layer for rendering the web-presentation layer in HTML5/CSS.\

\f1\fs28 Key Milestones and Performance Indicators\

\f3\fs20 Since cultural narratives augmentation of car images forms the crux of the project, the key performance\
indicators would pertain to the quality of augmentation. In the process of doing a proof-of- concept\
implementation of the project, the crucial milestones are laid along two parallel tracks:\

\f4\fs22 Page of\
12 15 Automobilia II, LLC
\f0\b NameThatCar - AI-Deep Learning Automotive Cultural History Preservation 
\f1\b0\fs18 20250321\

\f8\i\fs20 AI Modeling Milestones 
\f3\i0 : This parallel track of milestones are associated with building each of the AI models\
and training them for sufficient accuracy and performance\

\f8\i CloudArchitectureMilestones
\f3\i0 : These are milestones associated with creating the software framework to\
support the main engagement of the user with the machine-learning models\

\f1\fs28 AI Modeling Milestones\

\f3\fs20 The main milestones of the effort track for building, training and validating the AI neural models are depicted\
below.\

\f8\i 5-Month Milestone: All heritage object annotation complete 
\f3\i0 This will also include training the CNN and visual\
transformers to extract significant "keyword" visual elements.\

\f8\i 7-Month Milestone: Joint Visual and NLP training 
\f3\i0 Addition of narrative/NLP elements to the neural\
architecture, and joint-training of the model\

\f8\i 9-Month Milestone: Go to Production 
\f3\i0 A fully deployed AI inference pipeline in production, integrated into the\
application\

\f8\i 12-Month Milestone: 
\f3\i0 Improve model performance to the level of KPI goals\
The key performance indicators for the neural architecture are as follows:\

\f8\i Accuracy, Precision and Recall 
\f3\i0 of the image classification: We hope to achieve greater than 90% accuracy in\
the multi-label classifier of heritage artifacts, as well as the associated textual narratives.\

\f8\i Evaluation of the Narrative Generation 
\f3\i0 Ensure that greater than 80% of relevant keywords and artifact\
associated concepts are included in the narrative summarization of the textual elements identified as\
relevant.\

\f8\i User-Validation of AI-derived summaries: T
\f3\i0 he project aims to achieve annotation with relevant cultural\
summaries that would have accuracies of greater than 80% in the first phase, and more in the final project.\

\f8\i Car-clusters from broad descriptions: 
\f3\i0 When the user provides a verbal broad description, or some fragment\
of a visual elements, the project aims to achieve a greater than 90% top-3 accuracy in identifying or\
recognizing the heritage car being described, where the text is sufficiently descriptive and returning an image.\

\f1\fs32 Cloud Architecture Milestones\

\f8\i\fs20 2-Month Milestone: Web UI 
\f3\i0 Complete Web UI with interactions\

\f8\i 4-MonthMilestone: Persistence 
\f3\i0 All database designs and persistence code fully completed; database loaded\
with data and operational\

\f8\i 7-Month Milestone: Microservices 
\f3\i0 All microservices developed and tested to engage underlying AI models\

\f4\fs22 Page of\
13 15 Automobilia II, LLC
\f0\b NameThatCar - AI-Deep Learning Automotive Cultural History Preservation 
\f1\b0\fs18 20250321\

\f3\fs20 9-Month Milestone: The entire application engaging users with AI models delivered\
Since we will be pursuing an Agile-development methodology for the software architecture aspects, the\
milestones adhere more closely to each of the independent areas of work, and are depicted above. The\
performance or robustness metrics to pursue as KPI are as follows:\

\f8\i Latency Metrics 
\f3\i0 : When a user uploads a picture, the project aims to be able to analyze it and augment it\
with narrative annotation within 120 seconds of the upload.\

\f8\i Uptime and Availability Metrics
\f3\i0 : After phase 1, the front-end web application that engages the project neural\
models should have at least a 99.9% uptime\

\f8\i Scalability
\f3\i0 : The phase 1 aims to provide a scalability of up to 100 concurrent users, assuming standard think-\
time, engaged with the neural models through the project\'92s web-application\

\f8\i Completeness: 
\f3\i0 The web-application exposing the neural models must provide functionality in each of the\
areas mentioned in the previous paragraphs. In other words, the users should be able to upload photos for\
cultural augmentation, as well as search for images based on memories and narratives.\

\f1\fs28 Persistence\

\f3\fs20 Stored as object-storage in Google Cloud Platform (GCP) photographs of automobiles and relevant history taken over the years.\
, this is the repository of the high-resolution 
\fs13\fsmilli6667 10\

\fs20 Stored as Google BigQuery
\fs21\fsmilli10667  
\fs13\fsmilli6667 11\

\fs20 storage in GCP to conceptually express it as a multidimensional cube/data-\
warehouse, this is the metadata comprising of the background information on each of the photos.\
The narratives, histories and discussions of the use-base will be stored in ElasticSearch , a scalable search 
\fs13\fsmilli6667 12\

\fs20 index database.\
The underlying database containing the main NameThatCar application artifacts will be stored in Google\
Cloud SQL
\fs21\fsmilli10667  
\fs13\fsmilli6667 13\

\fs20 as a managed MySql database, in order to ensure ACID transactions.\

\f4\fs22 Page of\
14 15 Automobilia II, LLC
\f0\b NameThatCar - AI-Deep Learning Automotive Cultural History Preservation 
\f1\b0\fs18 20250321\

\f0\b\fs22 REFERENCES CITED\

\f4\b0\fs14\fsmilli7333 1\
2\
3\

\fs22 https://www.nytimes.com/2000/12/28/technology/still-a-long-way-from-checkmate.html\
Markoff, J, \'93 A Fight to Win the Future: Computers vs. Humans.\'94 The New York Times 14 Feb. 2011, /\
science/15essay.html
\f9\i .\

\f4\i0 Visual Transformers/ Token-based ImageRepresentation and Processing for Computer Vision https://\
deepai.org/publication/visual-transformers-token-based-image-representation-and-processing-for-\
computer-vision\
Mitchell, Melanie Artificial Intelligence: A Guide for Thinking Humans, Farrar, Strauss, Giroux, 2019 
\fs14\fsmilli7333 4\

\fs22 Alexey Alexander Kolesnikov, Dirk Weissenborn, Xiaohua Zhai, Thomas Unterthiner, Mostafa 
\fs14\fsmilli7333 5\

\fs22 Dehghani, Matthias Minderer, Georg Heigold, Sylvain Gelly, Jakob Uszkoreit, and Neil Houlsby. An\
image is worth 16x16 words: Transformers for image recognition at scale. 2020\
Bichen Wu, Chenfeng Xu, Xiaoliang Dai, Alvin Wan, Peizhao Zhang, Zhicheng Yan, Masayoshi 
\fs14\fsmilli7333 6\

\fs22 Tomizuka, Joseph Gonzalez, Kurt Keutzer, and Peter Vajda. Visual transformers: Token-based image\
representation and processing for computer vision. 2020\
Krzysztof Choromanski, Valerii Likhosherstov, David Dohan, Xingyou Song, Andreea Gane, Tamas 
\fs14\fsmilli7333 7\

\fs22 Sarlos, Peter Hawkins, Jared Davis, Afroz Mohiuddin, Lukasz Kaiser, David Belanger, Lucy Colwell, and\
Adrian Weller. Rethinking attention with performers. 2020\

\fs14\fsmilli7333 8\

\fs21\fsmilli10667 Kubernetes. 
\fs22 https://kubernetes.io\

\fs14\fsmilli7333 9\

\fs21\fsmilli10667 React.js. 
\fs22 https://reactjs.org\

\fs14\fsmilli7333 10\

\fs21\fsmilli10667 Google cloud storage. 
\fs22 https://cloud. google.com/storage/ Google Cloud Storage provides a cost-\
efficient, high-performance storage suitable to these assets, each accessible through its own url\

\fs14\fsmilli7333 11\

\fs21\fsmilli10667 Bigquery: Cloud data warehouse. 
\fs22 https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/
\fs21\fsmilli10667 , 
\fs22 Example dimensions for querying\
are: year of make, manufacturer, model, etc.\

\fs14\fsmilli7333 12\

\fs21\fsmilli10667 Elasticsearch. 
\fs22 https://www.elastic.co\

\fs14\fsmilli7333 13\

\fs21\fsmilli10667 Google cloud sql. 
\fs22 https://cloud. google.com/sql\
Page of\
15 15 Automobilia II, LLC}